[OC-1706] Update roadmap (#15)
opfab/opfab.github.io: pages/roadmap.md

# OperatorFabric Roadmap

## Functional

* Enhancement of the existing features (sound notification, timeline, administration screen, smart notification...) 
* Mail notification
* Introduce notion of representative when sending card
* Automatic update of the UI when the process configuration or the perimeters changes

> * Substation/electrical grid view integration (in coordination with gridsuite project )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Substation diagram and network view integration (in coordination with the [GridSuite](https://github.com/gridsuite) project )
```

* Geographical view integration
* Task assignment, card forwarding
* Multi-instance

> * Mobility 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Availability on mobile devices
```

## Technical 

> * Strengthening of UI testing using cypress DSL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Broadening the scope of the UI tests (using Cypress)
```

> * Introduce Dynamic Security Analysis in development process

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Making dynamic security analysis part of the development process
```
